and welcome to another edition of so oh
yes all right
now we are not refilling this because we
sat in front of the camera and it wasn't
recording you drink half of it didn't
happen I swear only dumb asses you show
the good today we'll be trying orbits
now press the record button we put it up
a little bit but hey we're gonna be this
reviews no and you guys don't remember
this thing is about 10 years back we
were in high school and they used to
sell this everywhere all over the place
I never personally try to Andrews never
personally tried it so we actually had a
reckless eater send us us send this to
us from Colorado Springs who is that
Jeff McCool is Michelle McCool's brother
Mickey mi kul es I'm sorry well that's
what we think it is I have to go home
and check but hey you're awesome and
Andrew believable this was a way better
show before we tried the orbits he was
nice and says to us but this actually on
ebay goes for about forty dollars a pop
if you want to get one for sure I've
seen I'm gonna cheaper sometimes we got
a really battle forum and it's pretty
rare when they pop up so this is the
black currant berry flavor and look how
impressive it is on the right here look
at how impressive it is on this full
bottle see how these little dudes down
here they stay floaty like that it's
been at least eight to ten years and
they're still just chillin out saved by
the buoyant
yes alright so we're going to try this
bad boy let me try pigment and it's
better record this because we're gonna
run out of that and then I'm gonna have
to make my own little gummy balls I
don't want to know what that entails so
I'm gonna give a confession here since
we're on a huge screw-up run
there was one only website where I tried
something and it wasn't actually what I
was trying and it was the true blood we
shorts episodes one of the early ones I
actually gave that to the rebel but my
roommate at the time as a gift I just
gave it to him it was already completely
empty well I was like how cool would be
to do that so I went back to find it at
Best Buy it was gone and then I heard it
was dawn everywhere it was a limited
time item so I filled it up with a beer
that's the only episode where I fit you
the same anymore there you go you got
your little balls floating around there
here we go we're definitely not trying
this for the second time we're gonna try
this for the first segment all right now
we don't have to think about it as much
yeah I personally like it I think it
holds up damn well considering it is 8
to 10 years old ish and it still has
very sweet taste when those gummies hit
and you start chewing on the little
gummy areas it's a whole different
flavor it's so cool you got like a berry
flavored then you get like an extra
strong berry flavor very unique item too
bad it didn't make it because I really
would have liked to have tried it fresh
but for the date that it has I would say
3 out of 5 methane is very strong yeah
I'm gonna
I'll give a solid to the crumb
believable it was good it just cuz we
went back to the future on it it uh it
probably was a lot better but in this in
this instance it didn't hold its
consistency yet I bet yeah
but I'll give it a solid to Deborah last
dinosaurs it's good I couldn't believe
it tasted that good considering the age
he has the cinema snob tribe it was
Crystal Pepsi almost it almost made a
pearl at first
crystal puppies even older the one he
had I think it was like 15 years old oh
Jesus and and he started to get a taste
for it but everybody else that he fed it
to like absolutely hated it it's just
awful I expected that out of this but
you know what now I've got a cool
collectible little cam there Maggie's
yeah alright well thank you for joining
us for this technically yeah but thank
you for joining us again for another
edition of so we have to zoom out next
video cuz we're really far in